hey everybody and welcome to the Wolfe
pit well we're gonna grill some chicken
wings out tonight but as soon as we got
everything ready thunderstorm came up so
it's pouring down rain out now so we're
gonna cook these inside as usual we're
gonna start off with making bourbon
honey barbecue sauce so I start off with
one cut of ketchup 1/4 cup of apple
cider vinegar quarter cup of water 1/4
cup of brown sugar 1/4 cup of honey a
heaping tablespoon of dried minced onion
a tablespoon of granulated garlic
a tablespoon of chili powder a
tablespoon of black pepper a teaspoon of
salt I'm gonna combine this and bring it
up to a boil all right once our sauces
come up to a boil we're gonna go ahead
and add in a quarter cup of bourbon
all right now we're gonna let this
simmer for about 30 minutes and alright
we're gonna go ahead and do our wings
like you've seen us do 100 times again
we were planning on doing these outside
on the grill but we're gonna go ahead
and just pan fry these dry we're gonna
do it in the dry pan no seasoning on the
wings at all and I've blotted the wings
dry so we're gonna throw these in here I
so we have a links in here we're gonna
move these around constantly for about
15 to 20 minutes until they cook nice
and golden brown and crisp all right now
for about 20 minutes our honey bourbon
barbecue sauce is done and it's
thickened up about half and see how nice
and thick it's become so we're gonna go
ahead and finish up a chicken
[Music]
all right our wings are coated I'm gonna
go and get these put it up right now all
right now our honey bourbon barbecue
wings are done so let's go ahead and dig
into one of these to see how they turned
out nice and sticky real sticky Wow the
flavor on that wing is amazing that
sauce is spicy it's tangy with sweet mmm
play that Wayne perfectly done down to
the bone
still very moist very juicy definitely
highly recommend you guys trying my my
pan method of cooking wings it works
well and give it one more bite here that
is delicious
very messy wing you ought to see my face
right now thank you guys very much for
watching and we'll see you next time
so let's go ahead and dig in one of
these we'll see how they turned out
hot